<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"   
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    <h:body>
    	<ui:composition template="/template/defaultLayout.xhtml">
    	
    		<ui:define name="content">
    		
				<article class="box post post-excerpt">
					<header>
						<h2><a href="#">Welcome to <abbr title="Schedule Notificator System">SNS</abbr> Pushetta</a></h2>
						<p>An Schedule Notificator System with <a href="http://pushetta.com/">Pushetta</a>.</p>
					</header>
					<div class="info">

						<span class="date">
							<span class="month">#{timeBean.month}</span>
						 	<span class="day">#{timeBean.day}</span>
						 	<span class="year">, #{timeBean.year}</span>
						 </span>
		
						<ul class="stats">
							<li><a href="#" class="icon fa-envelope-o">#{timeBean.totalNotifications}</a></li>
							<li><a href="#" class="icon fa-users">#{timeBean.totalUsers}</a></li>							
						</ul>
					</div>
					
					<h3>Description</h3>
					<p>
						Schedule Notificator System with Pushetta is a program that allows for the integration of Java with http://pushetta.com/ and gives it 
						additional capacity : save notifications and these will be sent on a given date. The main idea of ​​the project is to make use of the above 
						mentioned technologies to create a mini application as a planner.
					</p>
					
					<h3>How does it work?</h3>
					<p>
						The user creates the notification to be sent. For it indicates the text and the date on which you want to send. This information is recorded in 
						a database and from that moment the application begins to evaluate from time to time if you have to send notifications or not. When found, it 
						connects to http://pushetta.com/ and sends the message.
						<br />
						The notifications are stored with the corresponding delivery date . Also the failed requests are stored in the system and can be forwarded to 
						user request.
					</p>

					<ul>
						<li><strong>Data Control:</strong> Dashboard with graphics and usage statistics</li>
						<li><strong>Mange Users:</strong> Create, modify, and list users</li>
						<li><strong>Create One:</strong> Creation (live and delayed) of Notification</li>
						<li><strong>List - Reports:</strong> List and reports of all notifications</li>
						<li><strong>Send Notifications:</strong> Management and control of sending notifications</li>
						<li><strong>API Rest:</strong> Simple documentation and examples</li>
					</ul>
				</article>
    		</ui:define>

    	</ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>